{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Part A \
Repetition control structure (loops) warmup\
1. write a sub to compute factorial(n)\
2. test it with inbuilt vba function fact\
3. modify your sub to be a function called myfactorial(n)\
4. use myfactorial(n) to compute exp(x) via a series expansion 1 + x + (x^2)/(2!) + (x^3)/(3!) + ... (x^N)/(N!) where N the number of terms is determined by the user. \
\
Notes : \
1. Part A task 4 involves looping n from 1 to N and for each term making a function call to myfactorial(n)\
2. Accuracy of approximation to be checked by ensuring the absolute difference between actual and expected is less than some threshold. This threshold may be an additional input from the user or you can hard code it.\
3. you will get memory stack overflow if you use integers or single precision numbers. For scientific tasks it is usually safer to use the data type double.\
\
Part B\
Selection control structure (if then elseif else) warmup\
1. ask user to enter age, and some threshold\
2. depending on the age being above the threshold or not, respond to the user "you are young" / "you are old".\
3. validate user input to reject zero or negative ages.\
4. put this in the body of a loop so that the program does not quit until a positive age is entered.\
5. Redo the elseif versions of the sales commission and tax exercises from vba1 (this can be done as homework)\
\
These are warm-up exercises, easy material to review vba 1 basics. No solutions are provided for week 1 tasks.\
\
Preparation for the next class \
Mandatory : Review arrays from vba1. practice all the array examples solved in class. You must know the difference between option base 0 and option base 1 before you come to class. \
Optional: you can also take a look (from the book) at how multidimensional and dynamic arrays work. In VBA1 we did only 1 dimensional static arrays.}