{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Redo the exercise from last week for approximating exp(x). Create an array of size 10 and populate the element i of the array with the approximation computed using i terms of the series.\
\
2. Now make the array dynamic. Let the user decide how many terms to use, and 10 should be replaced at run time by a user determined integer n.\
\
3. Offset command : write consecutive integer values to populate a column, then a row, then a diagonal using offsets. See the spreadsheet on screen for illustration (first column in yellow, then row in green, then diagonal in blue). If possible modify the colours of the spreadsheet cells as well using the .colour attribute.\
\
4. Redo the two exercises on arrays (summary statistics & cashflows) from week 6 of vba 1.\
\
5. Use a two dimensional dynamic array to compute the fibonacci series of length n where n is determined by the user. One column in this nx2 matrix is the row index and the second column stores the series term.\
\
Practice exercise if you wish (optional) to play around more with arrays. Implement the bubble sort algorithm in VBA. No solutions will be provided for this exercise.\
\
For next week review arrays very well before class. You need to be fluent in multidimensional dynamic arrays and the use of offset command. We will build trees for option pricing using the array data structure of vba.}