{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

<<<<<<< HEAD
\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Compute and plot the Binomial(n,p) probability distribution. Play around with n, p and see how the plot changes.\
2. Compute and plot the Poisson(lambda) probability distribution. Play around with lambda and see how the plot changes.\
3. Show graphically that as simultaneously n tends to infinity and p tends to zero, with n times p = constant say lambda, the Binomial(n,p) is approximated by Poisson(lambda).\
<<<<<<< HEAD
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
>>>>>>> Updated the questions
4. Input a portfolio of n = 100 IDENTICAL assets subject to default risk. Each asset has probability of default = p = 0.3. Assume credit events across the assets in the portfolio are independent. Compute a candidate expected portfolio loss for 1 trial by hand simulation. This means generate a random credit event for each asset independently, then add losses for all assets in the portfolio to get get portfolio loss.\
5. In above task, compute portfolio loss by\'a0 simulating\'a0 100, 200, 300, 400, 500 trials keeping the number of assets n=100 as constant. What does it converge to as number of trials increases?\
6. In above task, what does the limiting probability distribution of the portfolio loss look like?\
7. For the same exercise, construct a portfolio loss distribution by simulation when asset values are identical but losses are not, so for instance assume loss given default either 30%, 60%, 80% or 100% of the asset value and each of these four possibilities is equally likely. \
<<<<<<< HEAD
8. In above task, what does the limiting probability distribution of the portfolio loss look like?}
=======
4. Input a portfolio of n = 100 assets subject to default risk. Each asset has probability of default = p = 0.3. Assume credit events across the assets in the portfolio are independent. Compute a candidate expected portfolio loss for 1 trial by hand simulation. This means generate a random credit event for each asset independently, then add losses for all assets in the portfolio to get get portfolio loss.\
5. In above task, compute expected portfolio loss by\'a0 simulating 10, 50, 100, 500, 1000, 5000 and 10000 trials. What does it converge to as number of trials increases?\
6. For the same exercise, construct a portfolio loss distribution by simulation.}
>>>>>>> Updated all filles to the current status
=======
8. In above task, what does the limiting probability distribution of the portfolio loss look like?}
>>>>>>> Updated the questions
=======
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 1. Compute and plot the Binomial(n,p) probability distribution. Play around with n, p and see how the plot changes.\cb1 \
\cb2 2. Compute and plot the Poisson(lambda) probability distribution. Play around with lambda and see how the plot changes.\cb1 \
\cb2 3. Show graphically that as simultaneously n tends to infinity and p tends to zero, with n times p = constant say lambda, the Binomial(n,p) is approximated by Poisson(lambda).\cb1 \
\cb2 4. Input a portfolio of n = 100 IDENTICAL assets subject to default risk. Each asset has probability of default = p = 0.3. Assume credit events across the assets in the portfolio are independent. Compute a candidate expected portfolio loss for 1 trial by hand simulation. This means generate a random credit event for each asset independently, then add losses for all assets in the portfolio to obtain the portfolio loss.\cb1 \
\cb2 5. In above task, compute the expected portfolio loss (total portfolio loss for all trials divided by the total number of trials) by simulating\'a0 100, 200, 300, 400, 500 trials keeping the number of assets n=100 as constant. What does the expected portfolio loss per trial converge to as number of trials increases?\cb1 \
\cb2 6. In above task, what does the probability distribution of the portfolio loss look like for 1000 trials?\cb1 \
\cb2 7. For the same exercise, construct a portfolio loss distribution by simulation of 1000 trials when asset values are identical but losses are not, so for instance assume loss given default either 30%, 60%, 80% or 100% of the asset value and each of these four possibilities is equally likely.\cb1 \
\cb2 8. For a credit ratings Markov chain transition probability matrix write a program to predict the final rating of a credit risky asset given its initial rating and a time horizon in years. Assume three ratings (good, medium, bad) and for any initial rating in the one year transition probability matrix, a 50% chance of staying in the current rating, with the rest of the probability mass being distributed evenly across all other ratings.}
>>>>>>> Updated
